the story starts with the captain of
ship named robinson at the beginning he
was serving in the navy but now he has
been working under the company agra for
11 years campaigner's task is to search
the wrecked and sunk ships
one day this company dismisses some of
its employees including robinson
robinson is depressed because of his
sudden termination from his job because
he had been segregated from his wife and
son during these 11 years
being busy he never attends them so his
wife had left him
robinson has a son of 11 years old who
lives with his wife
robinson also has a friend named kirsten
in the firm he is also dismissed from
the firm kirsten is worried taking a
matter because he is debtor he also
takes the anti-depression pills
once they are all in a bar kirsten
reveals a secret to them
before it let us know about black sea
black sea is surrounded by five
countries and its depth is to 200 meters
kirsten reveals about the search done by
agora in black sea
hitler army nazi was completely
destroyed in their destiny during four
years battle
afterwards a research institute searched
out to abort they claimed it the same
boat where the gold was placed they took
it to georgia government and revealed
the location of ubot
georgia government agreed to take it out
and a war broke out between georgia and
russia and limits begin to cross
russia was unknown about your boat
location while georgia was aware but no
one could enter the black sea until the
dispute is resolved and that your boat
will remain sunk in the sea knowing
about it robinson discusses it with
aristocratic men
because the expense may take peak in
this research
and the finance is dire need of it the
person named lewis is ready to invest
for this research but he wants to take
of all gold in return
robinson agrees while his friend kirsten
commits suicide under depression
robinson gets an investor for this
search
at the beginning he buys old submarine
in spite of it he purchases it there is
a russian friend with robinson whose
name is blackie they range a crew of 12
people including half english and half
russian after planning
robinson selects the russian because
they had taken russian submarine and
black sea is occupied by russia
russians will prove helpful in order to
escape from their countrymen minimum 12
persons are required to sail submarine
those russians are selected who are
expert in their work
some people are hired for some tasks as
to protect the engine gold and for
cooking they need an experienced diver
so they hire a passionate and
professional diver named frieza they
sail in the sea after arranging team and
submarine
robinson last time has a look of blue
sky and the old sail submarine into the
sea after closing its door each member
of team takes his duty and they go for
the exploration of the gold everything
is all right till now
gathering all captain provides
information to them
he mentions gold saying everyone will be
awarded the equal share of the gold from
the rest of 60
because 40 percent gold is owned by the
investor daniels is the assistant of the
investor daniel advises robinson you
should not say as such
having the lust in their heart they may
kill one another because their share
will be lessened in this way
and captain should not utter so all were
professionals in the submarine
after a risky search when they reached
near location of your boat suddenly
russian ship crosses them they saved
themselves stopping the engine
now they plan to bring propeller shaft
of submarine along with gold which was
exploded in the submarine they will
start the submarine using propeller
shaft of submarine leaving this place
then they dive outside almost at two or
three meter distance and search the
abort u-boat which consisted of two ton
of gold
going into it they also get propeller
shaft of submarine the broad carriage
could not carry the heavy weight they
basically had come to take propeller
shaft of submarine freezer carries gold
and also takes the propeller shaft as a
result the carriage is got heavy it
takes force to drag they are taking that
carriage to the submarine but they are
blocked and controlling the grip of
carriage all gold is dropped by them
only propeller shaft is left
freezer returns with propeller shaft all
are dejected at the loss of the gold and
they try to drive submarine on the
surface but daniel the assistant of
lewis reveals a secret to captain
robinson as it has been conspired lewis
is not rich investor actually aggro had
compromised with george because it is
risky for them to take out the boat agar
members had planned it and dismissed all
the capable employees of the firm and
being compelled you all got ready to
take revenge and money from this firm
agaro gave 30 comma 0 dollar to kirsten
in order to make you agree for coaching
and you easily entrapped as you moved on
the surface taking the gold agar could
take all gold from you arresting all of
you
hearing it robinson is gone mad and
anger and he also thinks as company may
show its inhuman side the dropped gold
could not be gained again otherwise
there was also more gold prevent to hand
over 40 to louis they are owners of all
gold each will get 82 million because
eight people are left if they are
successful to take it out
now they will not proceed to their
location but beyond it to avoid agora
taking gold they run the propeller shaft
of submarine they are joyful thinking
their future changing high status
moving at a distance they come to know
something by the helpers who ask them to
alert and stop submarine they try to
stop it's working and hardly stop there
is something wrong in the portal
portolin chart so submarine is caught in
the rocks they could cross these rocks
passing 40 meter taking the help of
helpers they try to get free from the
rocks
suddenly there is an explosion in the
submarine because of something and
submarine is sunk into the sea it is
hold as a result water begins to fill in
it they try to hold the pressure of
water but of no use all are dead in this
accident except robinson and his two
companions
robinson saves his companions lives but
himself dies
because saving both of them one person
was required behind to handle submarine
and he is left behind with submarine in
the sea forever
subscribe to movies inspired for more
videos and click the bell icon to
encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting